Add MBC March 2021 news post + update MBC wiki article (#5025)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2021-03-07-monthly-beatmapping-contest-march-2021.md

---
layout: post
title: "Monthly Beatmapping Contest: March 2021"
date: 2021-03-07 09:00:00 +0000
---

> Back from hiatus, mapping contests return with tough design limits and precious prizes — now featuring competition for other modes too!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Back from hiatus, the monthly beatmapping contests return with tough design limits and precious prizes — now featuring competition for other modes too!
```

Anyway, let's recap how this contest works:

## Schedule

- **Beatmapping (3 weeks):** Contests are announced at the start of the month and beatmappers create their entries.
- [**Screening (1.5 weeks):**](/wiki/Contests/Monthly_Beatmapping_Contest#screening) Competitive entries are selected by experienced beatmappers for each mode.
- [**Judging (1.5 weeks):**](/wiki/Contests/Monthly_Beatmapping_Contest#judging) Competitive entries are judged by different experienced beatmappers for each mode.
- [**Rewards:**](/wiki/Contests/Monthly_Beatmapping_Contest#rewards) Winners are announced and prizes are redeemed.

Because this sums up to ~6 weeks, you'll see results for March's contests *after* April's contests begin.

## Prizes

The MBC offers three ways to "win", each of which rewards a certain amount of points:

- **Judging winner** (2 points)
- **Judging runner-up** (1 point)
- **Screening crew's #1 pick** (1 point)

These points carry over between each month's contests. By reaching certain point thresholds, you can earn different prizes:

- **osu!supporter** (1 month per point)
- **MBC profile badge** (different badges at 2, 4, and 6 point thresholds)

> - ***Elite Mapper* forum title** (6 points)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Elite Mapper* forum title** (6 points)
```
